hey look taste a voice are nice
that you all look at this
very short but powerful update because
coming weekend
maybe it already has several people
seeing as we are passing by as ddg want
as i did no member present at
the ecg trade fair in assen
what can you do there you can
there you can play tournaments
you can play a tournament spencer with your team
or fifa layman or flats and starcraft true
you good in bed even joint strike
then call their mole and I to praise
but we are there too
and by we 'I mean david lars ronald
revé
well call all well that are present 6
7 8 March are the day I am myself
anyway 7 and 8 march present 60 now not
100% sure to say but news of
Saturday and Sunday you can see me and the rest
from ddg
meet so that is playing nice games
pots of fifa against each other until you name it
just put it all on and you can even do it
all and whatever a lamp in your art
take computer forearm so come hear
tweezers
Jopie's I want to take a seat and you
I got seated and I can do this well
you can just enjoy cozy lines
all other people there too
present
So you can go there yourself Kemal's thinking of
hey i love lanparties i like to go
to lanparty so you will see me
well below here in the description is possible
You get the ticket I thought it was 13
half a euro so if only for one day
if you want to come all weekend
then eg so ready and save for 25 euros
yourself soon about 14 and finished enough
Euros I hope to see it there too
is quite a long time ago we are first
all the way down in Belgium and Antwerp
We are completely in afterwards
Rotterdam
rodenrijs berkel some paris are there
feel safe everywhere in the Netherlands except in the
David and I are coming north here
originally from
soft what you know what we are going in here
the neighborhood what does my day think i came
with an idea to have truth or there
we going
then he had some of your suitcase
carry them on the backpack and run like them
we will just enjoy gaming
you meet again to very long
time and I hope you're the late
just leave a comment when you go
because such a super awesome would be
you can also go to new merchandise from
order me I'm gone with spreadshirt
there may know assured
because for me just i found too expensive
for you not nice so coming
Saturday Sunday Friday you can already go there
our new shirts at the point
mouse pads
and call it all preempt
if you preorder there and then get it
you a cool cool bracelet I remember
I am not now what but that is
A lot is also very nice
posters
wherever i stand they are very handsome and
without mustache and without beard but that
mustache but they are new anyway from Saturday
Sunday away
hopefully i'll see you there let's just
just lick all the gates
well all to the stock market people up
this weekend and have a nice day
tell your ciao